docs: migrate specs.celo.org into a new Specs tab (#2224)
celo-org/docs: specs/smart-contract-updates-from-l1.mdx

---
title: "Smart Contract Updates From L1"
sidebarTitle: "Contract Updates"
---

> Smart contract changes that will be deployed to Celo before the transition can be seen in this diff: [https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/pull/11035/files](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/pull/11035/files)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart contract changes that have been deployed to Celo before the transition can be seen in this diff: [https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/pull/11035/files](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-monorepo/pull/11035/files)
```

More issues like this in the same file where we talk about future events that are already in the past.

Author: Applied in efb05ec, along with the other cases in the file: the Governance Hotfix note about the pre-transition setup, the FeeHandler section (Contract Release 12 has since been deployed), both slashers under Slashing, the precompile-revert sentence, and the Transition section.

Two I left alone:

- "They still remain in the Celo Registry, but are scheduled for deletion after the L2 fully activates" — I could not confirm whether those registry entries were actually removed, so I did not want to guess.
- The bot sentence now reads "cLabs runs a bot", replacing "cLabs is intended to run a bot". Epochs are clearly being processed, but nothing in the docs states who operates that bot. Happy to hedge it back if that is wrong.
